oh now leasing what used to be you're
the worst person I've ever met
hippo hood
super hair flip this was a fall
backwards
what are you some french guy now
doing it about him know how to a senior
yes no habla espanol I'm lying you likey
I likey good oh come on please mr.
overturn
no with boring hmm how's that boring no
it is boring how's this going no your
curve being an idiot I'm just being me
which is born this isn't Maureen I am
putting this on youtube woman no no I'm
gear gone cuz it started out fun of me
okay then when you restart the funny
part and then just I'm supposed to cut
off of retarded retarded boring stuff
where were just out there like we
important something there we were
arguing
away
oh yeah ninja to Venice yeah first mine
boring get that one
really important
if there's anybody else board size fits
all da way ya ok it was pushed out
signora el stupido off the better to me
no bad guess what ogre man ogre man is
in cafeteria see in our school and
Millie's a janitor guy let me tell us
the way okay alright so there's janitor
and we call him and first day of school
and after in Sam she goes that I'm
clicking over we should call over man so
each there we go oh look there's a good
man and then that and then I made it we
made a point stay hideaway intact you're
not a pedophile Nene's pudding and Zoey
like make me drink until we're gonna
make music yeah you'd get it over there
Oh commands wittingly if you were there
you would understand if you weren't
there oh well just welcome
we think we made over man's girlfriend
man the 50-over man's girlfriend is the
groom it the women that sits right by
Boogerman my guards table don't lie word
it isn't like we're just make fun of her
legs oh man oh man school friends i'll
be not you no she didn't yeah I've known
her for four years that's where you've
gotten crazier every year okay
you are English hmm no no crazy okay
no I don't want a hug don't you could
have
hmm puppy no one can help you now hey
Rico again through before seems oh yeah
this video is tonsure by Logan Logan job
I loaded I hope we left you a rebellion
again oh my gosh we're like the radium
in East offens we called him five times
last night it was awesome dockers out I
don't know what that was bad